Update sql engineers docs (#684)
SimpleDataLabsInc/prophecy-docs: docs/analysts/extensibility/dependencies.md

---
title: SQL Dependencies
id: dependencies
sidebar_label: Dependencies
slug: /analysts/dependencies
description: Make use of external or custom components in your pipelines and models
tags:
  - dependencies
  - dbt
  - extensibility
---

Dependencies allow you to reuse logic in your SQL projects, so you can build on work that’s already been tested and versioned. Dependencies are scoped at the project level, and can include [packaged Prophecy projects](/engineers/package-hub), as well as external packages from GitHub or the dbt Hub.

> Because packages can be improved over time, you can update your project dependencies whenever a new version is published. Updates are never required—your project will continue using the current version until you choose to upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because packages can be improved over time, you can update your project dependencies whenever a new version is published. Updates are not required, but your project will continue to use the current version until you choose to upgrade.
```

> ## Types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Dependency types
```

| Revision       | Git tag, commit hash, or branch name that points to the version that you want to import.                                                                                                          |
| Sub Directory  | Path of the subdirectory in the repository that contains the dependency (if not in the root directory).                                                                                           |
| Warn unpinned  | Whether to point to your repository without specifying any version, commit, or branch. Enabling this option may result in unexpected behavior if there are changes to your latest default branch. |

### dbt Hub

Packages in the [dbt Hub](https://hub.getdbt.com/) can be used to extend typical SQL functionality. If the package contains macros, you can use them via the [Macro](docs/analysts/development/gems/custom/macro.md) gem.

dbt Hub dependencies have the following parameters:

| Parameter | Description                                        |
| --------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| Package   | Package name or path (e.g., `dbt-labs/dbt_utils`). |
| Version   | Package version or version range.                  |

> ## Managing dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Manage dependencies
```
Nit/Suggestion: I think headings shouldn't end in "ing"

To manage your project dependencies, there are two options:

- A) Open the **Manage Dependencies** dialog by clicking **... > Dependencies** in the project header.
- B) Open the **Manage Dependencies** dialog from the bottom left of the canvas, in the **Dependencies** panel.

From here, you can add, edit, update, or remove dependencies from your project.

> ## Creating a new dependency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a new dependency
```
